# Meeting 4
# Heading

- POLO
- REGULAR (AT THE LAB IN-PERSON)
- September 26, 2024,  (16:15 - 17:55), Concordia Hall building (SL-X LAB ROOM AT 843)
  
# Attendees

- Alvin Biju: 40278182

- Othmane Sbi: 40249134

- William White: 40135771

- Samy Belmihoub: 40251504

- Youssef Youssef: 40285384

- John Kaspar: 40285931

# Call to Order

- 2 hours
- Goal: Finalize Sprint 1, Debugging, Reorganization of Github Minutes, WorkLog
  
# Approval of Previous Minutes

- 
  
# Agenda Items

- Debugging Log-in, ensuring data is saved properly
- Creating Individual Worklogs
- Updating Minutes meetings to ensure all requirements are listed and structured
  
# Votes

- Finalized look of Sprint 1, visuals of the site and github repository
  
# Reports

- Visualization and planification of the other core features: Creation of teams.
- Rethinking the possible implementation of a different database use
- Ensure issues are properly dealt with in github
  
# Open Forum or General discussion

- How to implement the other 2 core features(their frontend and backend). Planification to create the teams feature.
  
# Next meeting (if scheduled)

 September 28, 2024, Online through Discord (Sprint 2)
  
# Adjournement

17:55

# What was done: 
Reorganization of the files. Creating a plan for the two other features.


